Enable CDN for uploaded files (#767)
pupilfirst/pupilfirst: docs/developers/docs/upgrading.md

Your current version can be found in `Pupilfirst::Application::VERSION`.

### 2021.4

Introduced support for public and private file storage. Its now mandatory to have two bucket's for storage, one public and one private linked to the app.

#### Migration Steps

<!-- Improve documentation -->

1. Convert the current bucket that you are using to a public bucket and create a new private bucket.
2. Rename the env variable `AWS_BUCKET` to `AWS_BUCKET_PUBLIC`.

> 3. Add a new environment variable `AWS_BUCKET_PRIVATE`, this should be the private bucket name. (New Bucket)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add a new environment variable `AWS_BUCKET_PRIVATE`, that should hold the name of the newly created private bucket.
```

4. Deploy and run the migration.

#### Steps for configuring public access settings for your S3 bucket

Amazon S3 Block Public Access feature provides settings to help you manage public access to Amazon S3 resources. By default, new buckets and objects do not allow public access.
You can use the S3 console or AWS CLI to configure public access settings for your bucket. 

For information on configuring public access to your S3 storage, please refer to the documentation [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/configuring-block-public-access-bucket.html)

#### Creating S3 private bucket

> When you create a new bucket through the AWS S3 console, the default setting in set permissions is Block all public access.

Reviewer: @prashanth726 : As _Block all public access_ is a setting that is being referred to , it's better to either quote or italicize it.
